================================
django stopforumspam middleware
================================

Tired of comment spam, form spam and dumb crawlers? A django application
that provides middleware for blocking IPs listed in stopforumspam.com's
database. It only reacts on POST requests, so don't worry about a huge
table of rules having to be passed at every request. It's quite
painless.

A simple management command is provided for updating the database from
stopforumspam.com:

::

    manage.py sfsupdate [--force]

Using this command, all IPs are stored in Django models, and using
django-admin, it's possible to add your own extra IP addresses on a
permanent database.


Installation
------------

1. Install the latest release from pypi::

       sudo pip install stopforumspam

2. Add this to ``settings.MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES``::

       'stopforumspam.middleware.StopForumSpamMiddleware'

3. Then add this to ``INSTALLED_APPS``::

       'stopforumspam'

4. And run::

       python manage.py syncdb

5. To insert all the IPs run this command, which you should make a
   cronjob (run it every 24h)::

       python manage.py sfsupdate


Configuration
-------------

The following options exist for your project's settings.py file:

To check ALL POST requests::

    SFS_ALL_POST_REQUESTS = True

To ignore some URLS::

    SFS_URLS_IGNORE = ["url_name", "/url/path"]

To only include some URLS (only works if ``SFS_ALL_POST_REQUEST=False``)::

    SFS_URLS_INCLUDE = ["url_name", "/url/path"]

If your application is behind a set of proxy, you can use a specific
HTTP Header as a source of the client IP::

    SFS_HTTP_HEADER = "X-Forwarded-For"


Synching with stopforumspam.com
-------------------------------

Be nice to their servers and remember that they have strict enforcements
on the files that they offer. So before you start testing, you could
consider using a local file as a test.

To configure where to download the file from (you can MAX download 2
times a day) - see http://www.stopforumspam.com for more resources::

    SFS_SOURCE_ZIP = "http://www.stopforumspam.com/downloads/listed_ip_7.zip"  

But you should really use a local file if you have more than 1 Django
project with stopforumspam running from the same IP address. To do this,
use a local protocol::

    SFS_SOURCE_ZIP = "file:///path/to/listed_ip_7.zip"

You can control how often at most the update should be performed::

    SFS_CACHE_EXPIRE = 1 #day

...and how long back the log should remember the rejection of POSTS and
IPs::

    SFS_LOG_EXPIRE = 1 #days

Remember to configure this as well -- it's the name of the file inside
the .zip file::

    SFS_ZIP_FILENAME = "listed_ip_7.txt"

For testing you can force all requests to be checked::

    SFS_FORCE_ALL_REQUESTS = True   

Cron Jobs
---------

You probably want to automatically update the list of blocked IP
addresses every 24 hours or 48 hours. To do that, you can insert a line
in crontab::

    0 2 * * * python /your/project/path/manage.py sfsupdate

The above would update at 2 AM every night. If you have several projects
and sync them with a local file, you can add::

    0 2 * * * wget -O /tmp/listed_ip_7.zip http://www.stopforumspam.com/downloads/listed_ip_7.zip ; python /your/project/path/manage.py sfsupdate

